{
    "docs": [
        {
            "location": "/", 
            "text": "Welcome to MkDocs\n\n\nFor full documentation visit \nmkdocs.org\n.\n\n\nCommands\n\n\n\n\nmkdocs new [dir-name]\n - Create a new project.\n\n\nmkdocs serve\n - Start the live-reloading docs server.\n\n\nmkdocs build\n - Build the documentation site.\n\n\nmkdocs help\n - Print this help message.\n\n\n\n\nProject layout\n\n\nmkdocs.yml    # The configuration file.\ndocs/\n    index.md  # The documentation homepage.\n    ...       # Other markdown pages, images and other files.", 
            "title": "Home"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/#welcome-to-mkdocs", 
            "text": "For full documentation visit  mkdocs.org .", 
            "title": "Welcome to MkDocs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/#commands", 
            "text": "mkdocs new [dir-name]  - Create a new project.  mkdocs serve  - Start the live-reloading docs server.  mkdocs build  - Build the documentation site.  mkdocs help  - Print this help message.", 
            "title": "Commands"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/#project-layout", 
            "text": "mkdocs.yml    # The configuration file.\ndocs/\n    index.md  # The documentation homepage.\n    ...       # Other markdown pages, images and other files.", 
            "title": "Project layout"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Community_Governance_Model/", 
            "text": "Aragon Community Governance Model\n\n\nGoals\n\n\nWe want a productive, happy and agile community that can welcome and bring forth new ideas.\n\n\nWe will rely on 5 key principles:\n\n\nIndependence\n\n\n\n\nDecision-making structure\n\n\nIndependence from employment relations\n\n  \nPluralism\n\n\nDiversity of contributors\n\n\nManagement of conflict\n\n\nDetermination of leadership--processes and turnover\n\n  \nRepresentation\n\n\nMembership structure and rights\n\n\nWays in which those in authority are accountable to contributing members\n\n\nDegree to which members can exercise voice on community members\n\n  \nDecentralized decision-making\n\n\nHow contributors gain code commit and #frontline rights\n\n\nHow contributors gain access to the project's decision-making structure\n\n\nThe degree to which project communications and activities are publicly available\n\n  \nAutonomous participation\n\n\nNewcomer joining rate\n\n\nNewcomer socialization opportunities\n\n\nRate of idea generation\n\n\n\n\nDescription\n\n\nOur Code of Conduct and Community Guidelines act as a basis for all our community activity, how to participate, how to grow our community, how to represent Aragon to others outside the community.\n\n\nMeetings\n\n\n\n\nDev meeting\n: Bi-weekly, Fridays on uneven weeks. Time 14.00 CEST.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nDiscussion on current technical development, what has got done, what needs to get done for the next release etc.\n\n\nFacilitator: Tech Lead\n\n\nParticipants: Aragon Dev team + Any Aragon team members who want to participate + possible relevant contributors\n\n\nViewers: Public on Youtube\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAragon HQ\n: Monthly, Last Friday of the month. Time 15.00 CEST.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nDiscussion about the state of Aragon, near future plans and decisions that need to be made. 10 min presentations with slides from team members, in which each one will run through the most important things we have done during the month, the problems they have found, and what they plan to do next month (that can be a bit blurry, and that's fine)\n\n\nFacilitator: Project Lead\n\n\nParticipants: All Aragon team members + possible relevant contributors\n\n\nViewers: Public on Youtube\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTeam hangout\n: Weekly, Friday. Time 15.00 CEST\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nRelaxed weekly meeting with the team where anyone can talk about things they feel are current\n\n\nFacilitator: If needed, any of the participants\n\n\nParticipants: Project Lead + anyone from the Aragon team who wants to participate\n\n\nViewers: Non-public\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nCommunity meeting\n: Monthly, second Friday of the month. Time 16.00 CEST.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nDiscussion about Aragon, questions from the community members answered by the team. AMA will be conducted in \n/r/aragonproject\n\n\nFacilitator: Project Lead/Community Lead\n\n\nParticipants: Project Lead + Community Lead + Aragon team members who want to participate\n\n\nViewers: Public on Youtube\n\n\n\n\n\n\nStructures\n\n\n\n\nProject Lead or Tech Lead will have final call on all things pertaining to their area of expertise.\n\n\nDecisions made after thorough conversation on Meetings, informal vote to be taken if necessary, possible conflicts discussed if necessary, final vote if needed and decision confirmed by Project/Tech Lead.\n\n\nFacilitators are responsible for gathering the agenda for the Meetings where applicable, as well as either taking notes of the Meeting and decisions made or delegating this responsibility to another participant\n\n\nUse (The Etherian's or our own) Colony to have community members participate and get rewarded for their non-code contributions\n\n\nImplement a system similar to \nMaker's Actions\n and post a monthly transparency report about the use of funds to the blog\n\n\nInstitute Aragon Improvement Proposal, AIP, system for community members to create proposals about Aragon. Take a similar approach for governance with Aragon Governance Proposals (like this one). GitHub Issues will be used as a forum to discuss proposals by community and team members\n\n\nProposals and ideas from the team and community members will be go through the AIP/AGP process and will then be discussed in the relevant Meetings\n\n\nCommunity Meetings will be AMA styled video meetings where team members will answer questions by the community members. Questions will be submitted through Reddit and answered live\n\n\nWe'll have templates that can/will be used for the basis of agendas in Meetings so the Facilitator can easily fill out each Meetings info, like who will be presenting what, who has slides etc.\n\n\nFacilitator of the Meeting will make sure that the discussion stays on rails, everyone gets a chance to speak their mind, everything on the agenda is discussed, necessary decisions are made and that the Meeting length stays on a reasonable length\n\n\n\n\nContributions\n\n\nThanks @kennyrowe for the feedback on this and @Smokyish for the initial draft and putting everything together!", 
            "title": "Community Governance Model"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Community_Governance_Model/#aragon-community-governance-model", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Aragon Community Governance Model"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Community_Governance_Model/#goals", 
            "text": "We want a productive, happy and agile community that can welcome and bring forth new ideas.  We will rely on 5 key principles:  Independence   Decision-making structure  Independence from employment relations \n   Pluralism  Diversity of contributors  Management of conflict  Determination of leadership--processes and turnover \n   Representation  Membership structure and rights  Ways in which those in authority are accountable to contributing members  Degree to which members can exercise voice on community members \n   Decentralized decision-making  How contributors gain code commit and #frontline rights  How contributors gain access to the project's decision-making structure  The degree to which project communications and activities are publicly available \n   Autonomous participation  Newcomer joining rate  Newcomer socialization opportunities  Rate of idea generation", 
            "title": "Goals"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Community_Governance_Model/#description", 
            "text": "Our Code of Conduct and Community Guidelines act as a basis for all our community activity, how to participate, how to grow our community, how to represent Aragon to others outside the community.", 
            "title": "Description"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Community_Governance_Model/#meetings", 
            "text": "Dev meeting : Bi-weekly, Fridays on uneven weeks. Time 14.00 CEST.     Discussion on current technical development, what has got done, what needs to get done for the next release etc.  Facilitator: Tech Lead  Participants: Aragon Dev team + Any Aragon team members who want to participate + possible relevant contributors  Viewers: Public on Youtube     Aragon HQ : Monthly, Last Friday of the month. Time 15.00 CEST.     Discussion about the state of Aragon, near future plans and decisions that need to be made. 10 min presentations with slides from team members, in which each one will run through the most important things we have done during the month, the problems they have found, and what they plan to do next month (that can be a bit blurry, and that's fine)  Facilitator: Project Lead  Participants: All Aragon team members + possible relevant contributors  Viewers: Public on Youtube     Team hangout : Weekly, Friday. Time 15.00 CEST     Relaxed weekly meeting with the team where anyone can talk about things they feel are current  Facilitator: If needed, any of the participants  Participants: Project Lead + anyone from the Aragon team who wants to participate  Viewers: Non-public     Community meeting : Monthly, second Friday of the month. Time 16.00 CEST.     Discussion about Aragon, questions from the community members answered by the team. AMA will be conducted in  /r/aragonproject  Facilitator: Project Lead/Community Lead  Participants: Project Lead + Community Lead + Aragon team members who want to participate  Viewers: Public on Youtube", 
            "title": "Meetings"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Community_Governance_Model/#structures", 
            "text": "Project Lead or Tech Lead will have final call on all things pertaining to their area of expertise.  Decisions made after thorough conversation on Meetings, informal vote to be taken if necessary, possible conflicts discussed if necessary, final vote if needed and decision confirmed by Project/Tech Lead.  Facilitators are responsible for gathering the agenda for the Meetings where applicable, as well as either taking notes of the Meeting and decisions made or delegating this responsibility to another participant  Use (The Etherian's or our own) Colony to have community members participate and get rewarded for their non-code contributions  Implement a system similar to  Maker's Actions  and post a monthly transparency report about the use of funds to the blog  Institute Aragon Improvement Proposal, AIP, system for community members to create proposals about Aragon. Take a similar approach for governance with Aragon Governance Proposals (like this one). GitHub Issues will be used as a forum to discuss proposals by community and team members  Proposals and ideas from the team and community members will be go through the AIP/AGP process and will then be discussed in the relevant Meetings  Community Meetings will be AMA styled video meetings where team members will answer questions by the community members. Questions will be submitted through Reddit and answered live  We'll have templates that can/will be used for the basis of agendas in Meetings so the Facilitator can easily fill out each Meetings info, like who will be presenting what, who has slides etc.  Facilitator of the Meeting will make sure that the discussion stays on rails, everyone gets a chance to speak their mind, everything on the agenda is discussed, necessary decisions are made and that the Meeting length stays on a reasonable length", 
            "title": "Structures"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Community_Governance_Model/#contributions", 
            "text": "Thanks @kennyrowe for the feedback on this and @Smokyish for the initial draft and putting everything together!", 
            "title": "Contributions"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Dev_Meeting_01/", 
            "text": "Proposed structure for these meetings by @Smokyish. To be tested in this first meeting.\n\n\nAragon Dev Meeting Agenda\n\n\nMeeting Date: July 7th, 2pm CEST\n\n\nMeeting video\n\n\nParticipants\n\n\n\n\n@harshjv\n\n\n@readevalprint\n\n\n@luisivan\n\n\n@izqui facilitator\n\n\n@Smokyish to handle recording, live streaming and collection of questions by viewers\n\n\n\n\nAgenda\n\n\n\n\nAccounting app progress (@readevalprint)\n\n\nOverall v0.4 refactor state and scoping of the v0.4 deliverable (@izqui)\n\n\nReview of this week sprint https://github.com/orgs/aragon/projects/1 (@izqui)\n\n\nMeta: opinions on sprint organization (@everyone except @izqui)\n\n\nv0.5 planning (@harshjv)\n\n\nVersioning protocol https://github.com/aragon/aragon/issues/19 (@luisivan)\n\n\nv0.5 web3 providers. uPort \n Ledger integration? Remove Metamask? (@izqui)\n\n\nWhat is everyone's focus/goals for next week (@everyone gets to talk)\n\n\nOther questions, comments or concerns by participants.\n\n\nQuestions, comments or concerns by live viewers.\n\n\nClosing meeting", 
            "title": "Dev Meeting 01"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Dev_Meeting_01/#aragon-dev-meeting-agenda", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Aragon Dev Meeting Agenda"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Dev_Meeting_01/#meeting-date-july-7th-2pm-cest", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Meeting Date: July 7th, 2pm CEST"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Dev_Meeting_01/#meeting-video", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Meeting video"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Dev_Meeting_01/#participants", 
            "text": "@harshjv  @readevalprint  @luisivan  @izqui facilitator  @Smokyish to handle recording, live streaming and collection of questions by viewers", 
            "title": "Participants"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Dev_Meeting_01/#agenda", 
            "text": "Accounting app progress (@readevalprint)  Overall v0.4 refactor state and scoping of the v0.4 deliverable (@izqui)  Review of this week sprint https://github.com/orgs/aragon/projects/1 (@izqui)  Meta: opinions on sprint organization (@everyone except @izqui)  v0.5 planning (@harshjv)  Versioning protocol https://github.com/aragon/aragon/issues/19 (@luisivan)  v0.5 web3 providers. uPort   Ledger integration? Remove Metamask? (@izqui)  What is everyone's focus/goals for next week (@everyone gets to talk)  Other questions, comments or concerns by participants.  Questions, comments or concerns by live viewers.  Closing meeting", 
            "title": "Agenda"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Dev_Meeting_Agenda_(Guide)/", 
            "text": "Aragon Dev Meeting Agenda (Template)\n\n\nMeeting Date\n\n\nAgenda\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIntroductions of participants\n\n\n\n\nEveryone tells who they are and what they do, outside contributors could tell why they are participating\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nGoing through the agenda, what will be covered in this Meeting\n\n\n\n\nGive people the opportunity to add things to the agenda if they want to\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSprints since the last Meeting\n\n\n\n\nWhat were the goals you wanted to achieve during these two weekly sprints\n\nWhat got done/merged\n\nWhat didn\u2019t get done, ask the assignees why they didn\u2019t achieve these goals and how can we help them on these issues as well as in general to be able to meet the goals\n\nWhat got left on the To Do list, make sure people are aware of what\u2019s been assigned to them and ask if there is any help they need with these issues  \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNext Sprints\n\n\n\n\nWhat do you hope to achieve in the next two sprints\n\nWhat goals are there, how to get there\n\nExplain how you will measure the success of achieving the goals set for these sprints  \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOpen discussion about the technical development\n\n\n\n\nLet any and everyone speak if they wish\n\nMake sure everyone gets to speak, at the end make sure they feel they have gotten their voice heard\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSummary of what still needs to get done for the next release\n\n\n\n\nThis should be shorter by every meeting approaching a launch of a release until everything is done and ready, include tests etc. needed to get the launch out\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAnything anyone wants to add\n\n\n\n\nIf anyone brings up a new issue that wasn\u2019t listed in your Go through the agenda at the beginning of the meeting, discuss it here\n\nAsk if anyone has anything they want to add/discuss also at the end of the meeting, as well as the start and on open discussion etc.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nClosing the meeting", 
            "title": "Dev Meeting Agenda (Guide)"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Dev_Meeting_Agenda_(Guide)/#aragon-dev-meeting-agenda-template", 
            "text": "Meeting Date", 
            "title": "Aragon Dev Meeting Agenda (Template)"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Dev_Meeting_Agenda_(Guide)/#agenda", 
            "text": "Introductions of participants   Everyone tells who they are and what they do, outside contributors could tell why they are participating     Going through the agenda, what will be covered in this Meeting   Give people the opportunity to add things to the agenda if they want to     Sprints since the last Meeting   What were the goals you wanted to achieve during these two weekly sprints \nWhat got done/merged \nWhat didn\u2019t get done, ask the assignees why they didn\u2019t achieve these goals and how can we help them on these issues as well as in general to be able to meet the goals \nWhat got left on the To Do list, make sure people are aware of what\u2019s been assigned to them and ask if there is any help they need with these issues       Next Sprints   What do you hope to achieve in the next two sprints \nWhat goals are there, how to get there \nExplain how you will measure the success of achieving the goals set for these sprints       Open discussion about the technical development   Let any and everyone speak if they wish \nMake sure everyone gets to speak, at the end make sure they feel they have gotten their voice heard     Summary of what still needs to get done for the next release   This should be shorter by every meeting approaching a launch of a release until everything is done and ready, include tests etc. needed to get the launch out     Anything anyone wants to add   If anyone brings up a new issue that wasn\u2019t listed in your Go through the agenda at the beginning of the meeting, discuss it here \nAsk if anyone has anything they want to add/discuss also at the end of the meeting, as well as the start and on open discussion etc.     Closing the meeting", 
            "title": "Agenda"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Dev_Meeting_Agenda_(Template)/", 
            "text": "Aragon Dev Meeting Agenda (Template)\n\n\nMeeting Date\n\n\nAgenda\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIntroductions of participants\n\n\n\n\nEveryone tells who they are and what they do, outside contributors could tell why they are participating\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nGoing through the agenda, what will be covered in this Meeting\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSprints since the last Meeting\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNext Sprints\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOpen discussion about the technical development\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSummary of what still needs to get done for the next release\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAnything anyone wants to add\n\n\n\n\n\n\nClosing the meeting", 
            "title": "Dev Meeting Agenda (Template)"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Dev_Meeting_Agenda_(Template)/#aragon-dev-meeting-agenda-template", 
            "text": "Meeting Date", 
            "title": "Aragon Dev Meeting Agenda (Template)"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/Dev_Meeting_Agenda_(Template)/#agenda", 
            "text": "Introductions of participants   Everyone tells who they are and what they do, outside contributors could tell why they are participating     Going through the agenda, what will be covered in this Meeting    Sprints since the last Meeting    Next Sprints    Open discussion about the technical development    Summary of what still needs to get done for the next release    Anything anyone wants to add    Closing the meeting", 
            "title": "Agenda"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/about/", 
            "text": "Non subit et longi recludere aderat\n\n\nIllic licuit sera feris ex est vincula\n\n\nLorem markdownum\n tritis iam obscurus laude et fuerit\nPerseus Clytie medio! Dolor unum: corpore erat bella, cum quos manibus: eadem\nlicet nunc? Rore hoc sidera Tyrrhenae quamvis ingreditur tanti, ad et pariter\nViderat purpureis. Tollere haec sacra haec partim in\n\nnegat\n!\n\n\n\n\nCaede promisistis taurum donis tibi Solis huc\n\n\nPronusque fuerit\n\n\nModo te ferenda despicit miseranda fusum\n\n\nEst formosius blando phaethon carpsit mutavit\n\n\nInsignia summa tecta ut sequitur\n\n\n\n\nEsse ad nimiumque strictique his admonitu\n\n\nFugias Pico, sed quid mille quascumque ille tam fontis oravique et. Haec maximus\npro hunc, non meaque aquarum Prothoenora tamen; vidit, Laomedonta.\n\n\nif (baud_title(web_tebibyte_progressive + 97 - 41, right_ip_skin,\n        publishing.kbpsYoutube(3))) {\n    lionWhite(gigo);\n    degaussScareware(unc_folder + 4, roomBoot);\n}\nregular_card(newbie_encoding_module, matrix(languageTitle +\n        cold_multimedia_pack, debug_sprite), tweet_frozen_virtualization);\nvar gopher = mysql_rosetta;\nregular -= swappableSource * compilerMenuHeat(grepViral.cyberspace(2, dvd,\n        sync), file_jumper_hdtv);\nif (3) {\n    smartPram += matrix;\n} else {\n    web = 5;\n    skin_localhost_play = uddi_pharming_secondary(spoofingOn, animated) + 2;\n    kvm += function_cybersquatter;\n}\n\n\n\nSimilisque manet\n\n\nNegabat virum, siccantem, regno protinus etsi, dixit ramis! Sanguine\n\nde\n rigidi dubio, te simulacraque et siquis patris.\nPraestatque cursu: hostes Minyae, pro arbor oppida iugulum frigore arcere\ninpugnante erat inplacataeque peperisse licet.\n\n\n\n\nMovet sequuntur corpora\n\n\nVicina rictus\n\n\nProfecto ad dixit vicimus liventia diem\n\n\nNos inrita admotum ipsum cum ferre profecti\n\n\n\n\nInque te tenebat. Tot aera; non matrem protinus petit gelidoque nulli est,\nPallas \nagmina forabilis\n.", 
            "title": "About"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/about/#non-subit-et-longi-recludere-aderat", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Non subit et longi recludere aderat"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/about/#illic-licuit-sera-feris-ex-est-vincula", 
            "text": "Lorem markdownum  tritis iam obscurus laude et fuerit\nPerseus Clytie medio! Dolor unum: corpore erat bella, cum quos manibus: eadem\nlicet nunc? Rore hoc sidera Tyrrhenae quamvis ingreditur tanti, ad et pariter\nViderat purpureis. Tollere haec sacra haec partim in negat !   Caede promisistis taurum donis tibi Solis huc  Pronusque fuerit  Modo te ferenda despicit miseranda fusum  Est formosius blando phaethon carpsit mutavit  Insignia summa tecta ut sequitur", 
            "title": "Illic licuit sera feris ex est vincula"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/about/#esse-ad-nimiumque-strictique-his-admonitu", 
            "text": "Fugias Pico, sed quid mille quascumque ille tam fontis oravique et. Haec maximus\npro hunc, non meaque aquarum Prothoenora tamen; vidit, Laomedonta.  if (baud_title(web_tebibyte_progressive + 97 - 41, right_ip_skin,\n        publishing.kbpsYoutube(3))) {\n    lionWhite(gigo);\n    degaussScareware(unc_folder + 4, roomBoot);\n}\nregular_card(newbie_encoding_module, matrix(languageTitle +\n        cold_multimedia_pack, debug_sprite), tweet_frozen_virtualization);\nvar gopher = mysql_rosetta;\nregular -= swappableSource * compilerMenuHeat(grepViral.cyberspace(2, dvd,\n        sync), file_jumper_hdtv);\nif (3) {\n    smartPram += matrix;\n} else {\n    web = 5;\n    skin_localhost_play = uddi_pharming_secondary(spoofingOn, animated) + 2;\n    kvm += function_cybersquatter;\n}", 
            "title": "Esse ad nimiumque strictique his admonitu"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/about/#similisque-manet", 
            "text": "Negabat virum, siccantem, regno protinus etsi, dixit ramis! Sanguine de  rigidi dubio, te simulacraque et siquis patris.\nPraestatque cursu: hostes Minyae, pro arbor oppida iugulum frigore arcere\ninpugnante erat inplacataeque peperisse licet.   Movet sequuntur corpora  Vicina rictus  Profecto ad dixit vicimus liventia diem  Nos inrita admotum ipsum cum ferre profecti   Inque te tenebat. Tot aera; non matrem protinus petit gelidoque nulli est,\nPallas  agmina forabilis .", 
            "title": "Similisque manet"
        }
    ]
}